script to delete pages from a given PDF file. (#294)
avinashkranjan/Amazing-Python-Scripts: delete-pages-pdf/README.md

# Delete pages in a PDF

- Using this script you can delete the pages you don't want with just one click.
- I have added a test PDF with the script which you can run to test the script.

## Setup instructions

- We use **pdfrw** library for this script. 
- To install this library, type `pip install pdfrw` in your terminal.

> - To run the script `python3 script.py` and then enter the required information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To run the script run  `python3 script.py` and then enter the information as prompted by the program.
```
